We've taken your son, and
you've taken my country.
This is our son. You have to talk to me.
What was so important that you
couldn't bring George swimming?
A reporter -- Martha Franklin.
I had to get back the film,
and I had to destroy it.
Did you tell your wife where
you were going on Christmas day?
I don't want a baby.
I don't want two babies.
The boy?
~
They've taken the boy.
I think the NLF took Malik to force Yusra.
This suggests you're wrong about that.
Have you got it? Do you know where he is?
You have to move fast.
This is your one chance.
Joe, I think it's George.
We've got him. George!
- George, come on!
- Hey!
George!
We're going to get you to a hospital, but you
bloody well stay with me, OK? Do you hear?
Breathe, breathe, come on!
Help!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Why can't he breathe?
Collapsed lung. His chest cavity is
full of air so his lung can't reinflate.
- This way! - We need
to go. - This way! - Go!
You stay with us, OK? Jesus
Christ! You stay with us, damn it!
Damn it!
Take me to the hospital now!
They're all out, ma'am, looking
for George -- the whole unit.
It's just me.
So you drive me. What's the
bloody problem, Orchover?
An officer's wife has to be...
What? What?
Protected, ma'am. Someone
needs to ride shotgun.
I can't drive you and keep
you safe at the same time.
- Well, give me your gun.
- Ma'am?
Give me your stupid gun
and I'll protect myself.
I don't think I...
My husband has been
shot! He needs me there.
Christ, has the Army shut
your brain down, Corporal?
Is he dying?
- I don't know.
- Don't lie to me.
I really don't know, ma'am.
Let's go.
Ed was close.
He nearly made it. He was moments
away from rescuing George.
Your husband is a hero.
Aden -- where East meets West.
Vital as an oil refinery, as
well as a Gulf trade route.
The beach here at Aden is lovely.
The sand is warm,
and the sharks are not always hungry.
The occasional outbreaks of violence are
caused by what are officially
called dissident tribesmen.
As long as there's trouble,
there must be troops.
The Queen has full
confidence in Aden's future,
describing it as the perfect
example of colonial rule.
What's the pressure doing?
Hold him! Hold him down!
What did she think about you?
What's that?
Yusra. You were head over
heels. What about her?
You wouldn't understand.
Ah. The love that passeth
all understanding, eh?
Your understanding, anyway.
Has anyone heard from my husband?
No, ma'am.
Still at the hospital, ma'am.
What are you doing?
The Royal Scots had a grenade
lobbed into the Land Rover.
What happened?
It got stuck under a seat.
Why do they want to do this to us?
Don't know, ma'am.
But we should know, shouldn't we?
The NLF, we think, delivered
the film this morning.
- I want to see it.
- I don't think that's a good idea.
I have a right to see
what they did to my son.
- Mary...
- Don't you dare patronise me.
He's my son. You will take me to see
this film, and you will do it now.
- Again.
- Mary.
Play it again.
The parting! In his hair.
What?
Yusra does that. She's
sending us a message, Harry.
She's with him, and she's helping him.
I knew it.
~
Malik! Malik!
Malik!
~
You go on, darling. I'll catch you up.
What monsters these people
are. What do they want?
Kadir, in exchange for George.
They're offering a swap, Harry.
There's a rule.
We have a rule.
We don't talk to terrorists.
They have to know where
they stand, these people.
There's one more thing.
But I don't quite know
how to put this, Harry.
Then just say it.
Like with children?
Hm?
We let them get away with it once.
Mary, there's something Harvey
didn't want you to know.
I'm afraid there's a deadline.
How long?
Eight hours.
Does Harvey Tilbrook have children?
Don't go.
Stay with me.
I'm here.
Joe saved your life.
Baxter?
Sir.
At 18.00 hours...
At 1800 hours,
I have it on good authority that the
NLF will be ending my son's life.
- I want you to...
- We'll do everything we can, sir.
What's the point, Alec? What
good could it do their cause?
What's in it for them?
They'll say that they made an offer
and that, by refusing that offer,
they'll say that it was us
who killed him, not them.
That's what they'll say, sir.
- You've always been honest
with me, Baxter. - Yes, sir.
That's why I trust you.
Permission to carry on, sir?
Yes, yes, of course.
- Ma'am. - Oh! - I was
looking for the CO.
Come in. Please.
Would you like some lemonade?
No, thank you, ma'am.
I was just making summer
pudding -- George's favourite.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to say, um... Sorry,
I know he's not dead, I just...
I just wanted to tell you that, um...
.. he was such a good lad.
Sorry, I keep saying
"was", like he's, um...
I shouldn't have come.
I'm so glad you did, Corporal Stoneham.
People have become frightened of me,
because of what's happened, you see.
But not you.
And I'm very grateful. Thank you.
How's Lieutenant Laithwaite, sir?
He's a fighter, Sergeant. He
wants, very badly, to live.
How did you get him back on your own, sir?
I just did.
Bloody hero, if you don't
mind me saying, sir.
You don't think, do you?
The training takes over.
So not brave, not a hero, just...
being in the British Army.
Just doing your job.
And now that you've
finished buttering me up,
why don't you tell me what it is you want?
It's the CO, sir. He's not himself.
That's hardly surprising.
Would you do me a favour,
sir? Drop the English.
I'm sorry?
Keeping calm and carrying on --
it's just posh folks' idea of virtue,
like cold showers and thrift.
But where I come from, it's all bollocks,
if you'll excuse the Glaswegian.
I'd walk through fire for that man.
In fact, I have -- more than once.
So please don't ever tell him I said this.
It would kill him if he knew.
You've lost trust in him.
He'll get it back.
Yes, sir. But we need
a leader, sir -- now.
I don't know if I can do this, Honor.
Joe!
Mm.
Joe?
My husband's tired.
He wants you to bring me to
the hospital in his place.
Time to go home, Mrs Laithwaite.
I'll stay here, thank you.
You can't do that.
Why not? What will happen?
Is there a problem?
No.
Mrs Laithwaite, visiting hours...
Jesus Christ! Rules, rules, rules!
There's a reason why...
Yes! Everything put in a box.
Everything described
and put in a fucking box
and made never to leave or
else the world might end!
- You're getting needlessly...
- What?
I'm getting out of my box, and you
can't stand it or understand it.
You're a pregnant woman. You
don't know what you're saying.
You're the one making
me have these babies!
What else is there, Mrs Laithwaite?
What exactly am I stopping you doing?
Is there anything more cowardly
than a man asking questions
he already knows the answer to for
the purpose of humiliating someone?
- What's the matter with you?
- Oh, yes!
There is something more cowardly
-- a man who avoids answering
a question he doesn't like
by asking a question himself!
Here's my question, Mrs
Laithwaite -- what kind of wife,
with a man as brave as your
husband in the condition
he's in, behaves this selfishly?
The character of my husband? Is that it?
What can a woman possibly complain
about if her husband is a good egg?
And what's wrong with that?
Because he's not me! Because
I exist! Look! Here I am!
A human being, all by myself!
Alison?
Breathe deeply.
Is that what your mother's book says?
How to deal with collapsed
lungs and hysterical women?
No, it's just common sense.
Goodness me, how quickly
you're growing up!
That's what everybody says, isn't
it? Well done, she's crawling!
Her first word! She can walk!
Why are we so desperate
for children to grow up?
All the prizes in life -- coming
of age, getting married...
.. are all for getting older.
Well done on getting closer to death!
Do you remember hurting yourself?
What do you mean?
Falling over.
Wasn't it wonderful?
God, the shock of it!
The ground in your face!
Bam! BAM!
Knees, elbows.
When was the last time you gave
your elbow a second thought?
The taste of fresh scab --
good and salty and bloody.
I miss pain. How far away
from childhood people go.
That's one of the things I love about you.
Sometimes, when I hear you laugh,
I could scream with pleasure.
Don't grow up, Honor.
I'll die if you turn into one of them.
I have to.
I think I have to.
It's a driver escort job for you.
And can't one of the men...?
It has to be you.
But George is...
The deadline, sir.
This takes precedence. The
order comes from high command.
- I'll take Armstrong and Baxter
as my wingmen. - No, no. Just you.
- Can I ask why?
- No.
Strictly need-to-know,
Captain Martin, and hush-hush.
It must be connected to George, sir.
Sir.
What if George were a prince?
What?
What if Prince Charles had
been kidnapped by terrorists,
and a swap was offered? They'd
take it. They'd make the swap.
The thing that matters is the
identity of the kidnap victim.
They don't think our
son is important enough.
What do you want me to do?
Go and tell them, Harry.
At six o'clock, our son
will be put to death.
He's our son. There's a rule.
It can be broken. If it's
broken, our son will live.
I want you, for the first time in
your life, to go and make a fuss.
That was base, ma'am.
Just to let you know, ma'am,
your husband left an hour ago.
What? Where to?
He wouldn't say.
Er, Armstrong, would you mind
taking me somewhere else?
Certainly, ma'am.
Tilbrook here. He's landed.
The Gordon Hotel.
Sir.
Move out the way!
Move out the way! Move out the way!
I can't breathe!
George, do you have the... the...
No? OK.
OK. Wait. I'm going to the
pharmacy. I won't be long.
OK?
~
Hello, I'm here to see Martha Franklin.
Room 271, madam.
Thank you.
Open!
800 words on the hemline of
the miniskirt for The Times!
What can you say in 800 words?
Jean Shrimpton wore a mini-dress
to Ascot and scared the horses?
Mary Quant did or didn't
invent the damn thing?
There's blood on your blouse.
Where do you stand on how
far below the panty line
the mini can safely go?
I don't know.
I don't like my knees.
The blood?
A man.
A protestor, I don't know.
So?
How can I help?
You don't know me?
No.
I'm Captain Martin's wife.
Do you do that at home?
Sorry?
Do you, "Pass the sugar, Captain Martin?"
- "Oh, certainly, Mrs Martin."
- What's the matter?
Huh?
It feels like you're...
You're jumping all over me. You
don't know anything about me.
I expect it's the same for
Joe, isn't it, when he's here?
So this is not a...
.. friendly visit.
I don't know. I...
I love him.
You do, don't you?
Have you ever been in love?
Often. All the time.
No.
Men love you.
Often, all the time.
I suppose they do.
Is that enough?
I don't suppose it is.
(How can they help themselves?)
He hasn't.
Joe, Captain Martin, has never...
You wouldn't...
You wouldn't lie to me?
How could anyone lie to you?
How old are you?
21.
Oh. Hello, Harvey. What
are you doing here?
I'm having a chin-wag with a journalist.
Setting her straight on a few things.
American journalist, Martha Franklin.
Just now?
Yes. I wouldn't go near her, if
I was you. She does bad things.
And why are you here, Honour
Martin? All on your own here?
I... We didn't have a honeymoon,
so I thought we could spend
a night in The Gordon.
A bit dear.
Yes.
Yes, I didn't know.
I do now.
~
Royal Military Police.
What was all that about?
Pharmacist in Crater on the
Aden Road. Bit odd, actually.
Why?
Does George Markham want a second inhaler?
What?
Look, I think it's where
they are. I think she
left this at the pharmacy so
we know where their location is.
It could be. We need to be careful.
It could be a trap.
But it's not. It's not, it's
Yusra. She's not like that.
- She loves George. - I'm not sure
we can take that risk, Armstrong.
- Captain Martin?
- Sir?
I've another driving
job for you, I'm afraid.
- But keep it low key, would you?
- Who is it, sir?
It's...
It's Kadir.
Starfish.
You're to take him to a
secure location on the coast.
Intelligence suggests there
may be a rescue attempt,
so to be safe, take a man with you.
Sir.
He treats us like we're his guests.
Two more seconds of him
looking at me like that,
I'd have broke his neck.
Timing, one of his many qualities.
You sound like you admire him.
Yes, I do.
I hate him with all my heart.
But I recognise a worthy adversary, Harry.
If I didn't, I wouldn't have my job.
Mary was wondering whether
you had any children.
I realised, I didn't know.
One of each.
- Have they been out?
- Their mother doesn't like the heat.
I want you to re-consider, Harvey.
Course you do.
I was a year older than George
when I went to boarding school.
My father dropped me off on the first day.
Seven years old.
A week later, towards the end of
the day, he came back for a visit.
And they'd already
started beating out of me
whatever it is they saw they didn't like.
When he came back that day,
I was playing football.
Just a kick-about.
He stood there and watched.
I wanted my father to go away.
I couldn't bear the thought of
having to go through it all again.
I didn't want to stop playing the game.
I was rejecting him...
.. so I could get on with
forgetting about him.
That was the lesson.
- You had to grow up fast.
- Yeah.
But I promised myself,
when George was born...
I've never told anyone
this, not even Mary...
.. that I would never leave him...
.. with that absolute and
desolate feeling of being alone
in a place where nobody loves you.
And you're not.
As a father, you have done -- are
doing -- everything you possibly can.
I respect that.
Which is why it's right
that you came to see me.
And it's why it's the hardest
thing I've ever done...
.. in my life...
.. to say no to you.
Harvey, I can't go back to
Mary and tell her I've failed.
Yes, you can.
Yes, you will.
It's straight on for the coast, sir.
And left for Al-Hinna Farmhouse.
George.
I don't want you to have anything
to do with this, Armstrong.
Sir, I...
- Nobody need know you were involved in any way.
- I'm coming with you.
- The penalty for allowing...
- You won't pull this off without me.
With two of us, we stand half a chance.
It's not a job for one man.
You love her, don't you?
Sir, yes, sir.
He's not here.
Kadir left an hour ago.
If he's not with you,
where the hell is he?
~
Tony.
How do we know you have our leader, Kadir?
~
How do we know he's alive?
Because if he's not, we have
nothing to exchange for George.
~
How did you know we were here?
Kadir told us.
He seems to know everything.
OK, OK.
One more thing.
Yusra comes with George.
No.
Please, take George. Leave me.
One woman and a child in
exchange for your great leader.
Is he not worth this?
Tell them.
Tell them!
OK.
What is happening?
We're giving you back.
I see.
It doesn't matter.
Do you have my glasses?
It's OK.
- Sir.
Why's he stopped?
Don't know.
George...
walk around it. OK?
Hold my hand, walk slowly.
Come on. Come on, George, come on.
Yes, yes, George.
You did it. OK, let's go!
Come on, let's go.
Go, come, come!
~
'.. second time around,
and this time we know
for a fact that he's safe at
home to hear his favourite song.
- So stand up, everyone, join in...
- George.
- Listen. - .. sing along with
Michael Flanders, Donald Swann,
and George Markham.
♪ All singing this haunting refrain. ♪
That's you!
♪ Mud, mud, glorious mud
♪ Nothing quite like
it for cooling the blood
♪ So follow me, follow, down to the hollow
♪ And there let us
wallow in glorious mud. ♪
I've been thinking that, if
nobody says anything about
them not being mine, not ever,
not to anyone, certainly not
to our children, then...
.. I'm going to be a father.
That's it.
I just want us to be happy.
You're going to have a baby.
Out of your vagina.
Joe, I don't know how
we can ever thank you.
I let him go the first time.
I wasn't going to let it happen again.
Oh, let yourself be a
hero, for God's sake, Joe.
We're heroes, Joe.
Yes. Now, go and say thank
you to Lieutenant Laithwaite.
Thank you.
Sir, can I have a word,
please, about Yusra?
What do you suggest we do?
- Look after her.
- How?
Erm, protect her, something.
Look, the NLF know what she did.
- Does she have family?
- Yeah.
And do they know where they live?
Yes, sir.
Well, we can't really
bring the whole family
into our care now, can we? Excuse me.
Well, then they'll kill them.
They will kill them.
[Watch where you're walking!]
[Ten, nine, eight, seven,]
[six, five, four, three, two...]
one!
Happy New Year, everyone!
There we go, come here! There you go!
Happy new year!
Come on!
♪ Should auld acquaintance be
forgot and never brought to mind?
♪ Should auld acquaintance
be forgot, for auld lang syne?
♪ We'll take a cup o' kindness
yet, for auld lang syne...
♪ We two have run about the slopes
♪ And picked the daisies fine
♪ And we wandered many a weary foot
♪ For auld lang sy... ♪
Captain Martin...
.. I'm placing you under
arrest for allowing the escape
from lawful custody of a prisoner of war.
He saved my life. You
can't do that. He's a hero.
I'll explain.
I'll explain everything and
then everything will be OK.
If you decide to fight us...
Will they shoot him, Daddy?
Don't wait for me. Find a new life.
Disobeying an order can
be the right thing.
I want an abortion.
I'm asking you to help me.
True independence is not given away.
It's taken.
Are you talking to them?
There's nothing to worry about.
- Where are you going?
- The NLF will kill Yusra for what she did.
I'm not having that.
Where is she?!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org